>> Sean Larkin: I don't want to have to
force anybody to have to run mpm run prod
a thousand times and so,
why don't we jump back into our scripts.
We can solve this.
Webpack has a watching mode and
so, maybe it makes sense for
our development mode,
that we just have a watch flag added on.
What's cool is that guess what,
we just have to compose the watch flag
onto the end of our DevScript.
>> Speaker 2: Does the order matter there?
>> Sean Larkin: It does not.
>> Sean Larkin: So if we say that npm run
dev,
>> Sean Larkin: All right,
the process doesn't exit and
it just shows this feedback.
But what's great now is why don't
we even just jump into nav,
what if we wanted to change this?
What if we wanted to instead have
it be a function that calls and
returns the string literal nav.
[LAUGH] Now of course,
our code would look a little different, so
if this is a function that
returns a nav string,
that means we now have to call nav if
we wanna get the string back, right?
But you can see slowly in your terminal
feedback as you're changing that.
So, let me see if I can get both of
them up in the same, both files.
It'll be helpful.
Oops.
>> Sean Larkin: There we go.
But as you make changes,
web pack is just incrementally compiling.
It just changes whatever
modules you're working with.